Update maven configuration page and connector archetype exemple (#1540)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/connector-archetype.adoc

* *version:* the version of your connector _(default value: 1.0-SNAPSHOT)_
Follow the http://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-naming-conventions.html[maven naming convention guide]
* *package* the package in which the connector source files will be created _(default value: the group id of the connector)_
* *bonitaVersion:* the xref:product-versioning#_technical_id[technical id] of the targeted Bonita version

>  ** A Bonita connector project depends on _org.bonitasoft.engine:bonita-common_. To avoid potential conflicts / errors at runtime, you should use the technical id of the Bonita version of your runtime environment.

Reviewer: Add an example of the id ?

>  ** A Bonita connector project depends on _org.bonitasoft.engine:bonita-common_. To avoid potential conflicts / errors at runtime, you should use the technical id of the Bonita version of your runtime environment.

Author: ```suggestion
 ** A Bonita connector project depends on _org.bonitasoft.engine:bonita-common_. To avoid potential conflicts / errors at runtime, you should use the technical id of the Bonita version of your runtime environment (ex: 7.13.0 for Bonita 2021.2).
```

./mvnw clean package
----

=== 6 - Publish the connector on Github packages

[NOTE]
====

> This step is an example of how to publish a Bonita extension on a private maven repository (here Github packages). You can publish your extensions on any kind of maven repository.

Reviewer 2: Private or not ?

```suggestion
This step is an example of how to publish a Bonita extension on a maven repository (here Github packages). You can publish your extensions on any kind of maven repository (Nexus, Artifactory... etc).
```

====

Now that the connector development is finished, we want to make it available for Studio users. +
The recommended way to make an extension available is to publish it on a maven repository. +

> The easiest way is to publish the extension on a public maven repository, like https://mvnrepository.com/[maven central]. The extension will be available for everyone, but you won't have to bother with a private repository and credentials. This https://maven.apache.org/repository/guide-central-repository-upload.html[tutorial] explains how to deploy an artifact  on maven central. +

Reviewer 2: This is absolutely not the easiest way...

```suggestion
A first option is to publish the extension on a public maven repository, like https://search.maven.org/[maven central]. The extension will be available for everyone, but you won't have to bother with a private repository and credentials. This https://maven.apache.org/repository/guide-central-repository-upload.html[tutorial] explains how to deploy an artifact  on maven central. +

[NOTE]
====
Publishing an extension on Maven Central implies that this extension is open source. You will *have to* publish the sources of the extension in addition to the binary.
====
```

> We chose an other solution for this example: publish the extension on Github packages, a private maven repository managed by Github (it's free if you store less than 500 MB). This way, your extension will be protected by authentication, only you and your team will have access to it. The only requirement is to have a github account, you can create one for free https://github.com/[here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this example we present another option: publish the extension using Github packages (it's free if you store less than 500 MB). Github packages require a Github authentication, and only users with https://docs.github.com/en/packages/learn-github-packages/about-github-packages#about-scopes-and-permissions-for-package-registries[proper scope and permissions] will be allowed to consume or publish extensions.
```

[TIP]
====

> You can easily publish an artifact on Github packages using a Github Action. This way, you won't have to create a personnal access token nor to manage local maven configuration. https://docs.github.com/en/actions/guides/publishing-java-packages-with-maven#publishing-packages-to-github-packages[More details here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can publish an artifact on Github packages using a Github Action. This way, you won't have to create a personnal access token nor to manage local maven configuration to publish an extension. https://docs.github.com/en/actions/guides/publishing-java-packages-with-maven#publishing-packages-to-github-packages[More details here].
```

- **Releases and Snapshots**: keep default values, disable snapshots (artifacts in development) if you don't want them.

Bonita Studio now knows that he can retrieve extensions from this repository, but he cannot do it until authentication is configured.

2 - Add the credentials for this repository

To configure the credentials for a repository, you will have to create a _server_, which is just a configuration element that contains credentials.

Before to create a server, make sure that you have an xref:#token[access token] with at least read access.

To create a new server, follow those xref:configure-maven#servers[instructions], using the following parameters: 

- **ID**: `githubPackages`
- **Username**: Your github username
- **Password**: The access token

It is recommended to xref:configure-maven#encryption[encrypt] passwords if the configuration file is shared. However, if the access token has only read access you might want to share the real usable value and not an uncrypted unusable value, in this case do not encrypt it.

Bonita Studio is now correctly configured to retrieve extensions from this private maven repository!

> **Import and use the connecteur**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Import and use the connector**
```
